there's a we should be played when it
comes to dating their mom
these kids think no man is good enough
the science of the next second who tries
to put the moves on her
but this man just may be tough enough
no you really got away with kids now
she's fine this might not be a good idea
rain electricity appreciate it win her
over
what's the matter listen he'll show to
take the kids to the airport no that's
my job
he's going to do the unthinkable what if
I win here I can make you careful
open that door
oh please remove all metal objects
keychain cellphones Olie corkscrew you
decide to try here we go
now nothing here no he's taking her kids
on a little trip I have to be you do not
have to pee I'm here the company's about
to go way too far Joe how's it go with
the little crackers
open up you can even swap where you go
yeah you go get it yeah I'm sure they're
fine revolution Studios quiz then what
are you doing a comedy about how far one
man will go hey I want to say hi to the
kids I love you to become part of the
family he's kind of funny
Ice Cube near launch game or I'm saying
this there's nothing more that you can
do to this car
[Music]
[Applause]
are we there yet all right I think you
are just to jump onto a moving train
[Music]